Note the exception with the blog repo (#1426)
publiccodenet/about: activities/documentation/move-merge-delete-pages.md

    - [url link 3]
```

The redirect url should typically be the file path without `.md` or `.html` extension.

> The exception is in the `blog` repository where the blog post paths include the category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exception is for blog posts the `blog` repository, where the blog post paths include the category and the redirect should include `.html` at the end.
```
